esm: add `import.meta.node.resolveURL` (#49246)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

* `parent` {string|URL} An optional absolute parent module URL to resolve from.

> **Caveat** This feature is not available within custom loaders (it would
> create a deadlock). Use [`import.meta.node.resolveURL`][] instead.

### `import.meta.node.resolveURL(specifier[, parentURL])`

<!--
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 – Experimental

* `specifier` {string|URL} The module specifier to resolve relative to the
  `parentURL`.
* `parentURL` {string|URL} The URL to resolve the specifier. **Default:** `import.meta.url`.
* Returns: {Promise} Fulfills with a {URL} representing the absolute URL of the

>   resolved specifier.

Reviewer: perhaps name it `import.meta.node.resolveAsync`? we have a lot of APIs with a/sync in the name to differentiate that.

> **Caveat**: This is a Node.js specific API, consider using
> [`import.meta.resolve`](#importmetaresolvespecifier) for a more portable code
> if you don't need the second argument and do not intend your module to run in
> a custom loader.

```js
import { readFile } from 'node:fs/promises';

> const data = await readFile(await import.meta.node.resolveURL('./data.txt'), 'utf-8');
> // This is equivalent to (but also available in custom loaders):
> const data2 = await readFile(new URL(import.meta.resolve('./data.txt')), 'utf-8');

Reviewer 2: The comment makes it sound like the `data2` line, with `import.meta.resolve`, is available in custom loaders.

```suggestion
// This works both in application code and in custom loaders, but is specific to Node.js:
const data1 = await readFile(await import.meta.node.resolveURL('./data.txt'), 'utf-8');

// This is equivalent, and portable to other runtimes, but only works in application code
// (not in custom loaders):
const data2 = await readFile(new URL(import.meta.resolve('./data.txt')), 'utf-8');
```
